README.md, before:

# nr-power-bi-workspace-deploy
This repository automates publishing Power BI .pbix files to the NRS Analytics Power BI workspaces, using GitHub actions.

## Process Overview: 
1. Reach out to NRM.DataFoundations@gov.bc.ca to gain 'Write' access to this repo
2. Submit a PR with the Power BI file you want to publish (make sure to place the .pbix file under the folder that aligns with the workspace you want to publish to)
3. A member of Data Foundations will review your PR. Once a PR is approved, the dashboard is published to the corresponding workspace.

## Pending Features: 
- Manage report access using a users.txt file
- Support for S3 secure storage for .pbix files
- File structure: {workspace}/{report name}/[.pbix file and users.txt file]

## Limitations: 
- **Do not publish .pbix files here unless the  Power BI report is public-facing** Support for secure .pbix file storage is coming soon. 
- Based on the Power BI API documentation, this workflow should be suitable for Power BI .pbix files that are up 10 GB in size. However, large files have not been fully tested and may cause issues. 

## Action Documentation: 
(https://github.com/marketplace/actions/power-bi-pipeline-deploy)

Commit message:

update custom action for S3 deployments

README.md, after:

# nr-power-bi-workspace-deploy
This repository automates publishing Power BI .pbix files to the NRS Analytics Power BI workspaces, using GitHub actions.

## GitHub Process Overview:
1. Reach out to NRM.DataFoundations@gov.bc.ca to gain 'Write' access to this repo
2. Submit a PR with the Power BI file you want to publish (make sure to place the .pbix file under the folder that aligns with the workspace you want to publish to)
3. A member of Data Foundations will review your PR. Once a PR is approved, the dashboard is published to the corresponding workspace
## Windows File System Process Overview:
1. Reach out to NRM.DataFoundations@gov.bc.ca to gain access to S3 object storage
2. Place PBI report in object storage following this file convention: {env}/{domain}/{report_name}.pbix
3. Maintain list of IDIR users who should have report access in the users.txt file
4. Access report publication history at {env}/{domain}/archive/


## Limitations: 
- **Do not publish .pbix files in GitHub unless the  Power BI report is public-facing** Power BI reports with up to Protected B data can be deployed from S3 object storage (see above)
- Based on the Power BI API documentation, this workflow should be suitable for Power BI .pbix files that are up 10 GB in size.
